# DU-CS-Lectures
*** Delhi University Computer Science, DU's Lab Programs, Video Lectures, DU's Books Short Notes****   ** This application has collection of Delhi University Computer Science Lab Programs, Video Lectures, DU's Books, Short Notes Previous year Question papers &amp; Solutions absolutely FREE **   -Delhi University Computer Science Lab Programs  -More than 300 Lab Programs JAVA, C++, PHP, C, CSS, - More than 60 exam questions for last 10 years with solutions,  - Electronics and Communication Engineering (EC),  - Electrical Engineering (EE) - Computer Science and Information Technology (CS),    Solutions &amp; Detailed Answers are also provided for all the branches.   What all programming languages you can learn?  ★Java: Java is an object-oriented, general purpose,high-level programming language.Today Java is being used to develop a range of software like web applications, J2ME Apps, Embedded Space, Android, Big Data analytics, etc.  ★C Programming:C programming is a powerful general-purpose language.If you are new to programming then C Programming is the best language to start your programming journey.In practical C programming is used in Embedded stuff, Systems programming.  ★C++: C++ is used nearly everywhere for everything from systems programming,numerical and scientific computing,web development,writing compilers, console games, desktop applications and so on.  ★HTML: HTML is the standard markup language for creating web pages and web applications.HTML is most commonly used as the format for online documents i.e web pages.  ★Javascript: JavaScript is a programming language that is run by most browsers.  To prepare for the objective paper you should focus on previous year’s papers. Type and level of questions remain's same. Whenever you solve the previous year’s papers remember the formulas, type of question and process for solving the same. Never memorize question with answers.  Download now in your mobiles &amp; tablets it's FREE and Up your performance level!
